refactor: create PermissionGuardType + allow embeds as custom reply (#645)
oceanroleplay/discord.ts: packages/utilities/README.md

When you are using global commands, but still wish to restrict commands to permissions from roles, then you can use this guard to easily supply an array of Permissions that a user must have in order to execute the command.

> The guard can take an array of permissions or an async resolver to the permission array and a PermissionGuardOptions object with `content` and `ephemeral` values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Permission guards can take an array of permissions or an async resolver to the permission array, as well as a PermissionGuardOptions object that contains `content` and `ephemeral` values.
```

    }
    return Promise.resolve(["BAN_MEMBERS"]);
  }
  
  /**
   * Only allow users with the role "BAN_MEMBERS" with a custom embed
   *
   * @param interaction
   */
  @Slash("permission_ban_members")
  @Guard(

>     PermissionGuard(["BAN_MEMBERS"], PermissionGuards.genEmbed())

Reviewer 2: are you sure this is correct?

should it not be:

```ts
@PermissionGuard(["BAN_MEMBERS"], {
  content: PermissionGuards.genEmbed()
})
```
?
